Euro
the time for a jaunt takes the boss was easy
today with the entry-level model of Lamborghini price around 170000 euros
Power 560 hp
For almost five years Lamborghini has a German CEO
and Stefan Wiedemann drives the private label also clearly
it is as it is
who very positive feeling what I have in the morning
when I go to the office
and it is also important that he has a sublime feeling when we have today
Again, van Essen lifts the mood
there it is, I believe, too, what shall we say be reading
Now many are saving Winkelmann has to sell luxury
the sales figures go back but Charité Testo quantities part of the
Company philosophy
they would see fewer and fewer farmers
it was the 1 his eyes of our business
because the exclusivity can be from 1
in the northern Italian countryside pulls the plant of Lamborghini
around 1000 employees work
Schiphorst after five years Winkelmann came from 14 am
Sports car manufacturer produced at that time simply too expensive
Winkelmann cut costs and brought the luxury brand up to scratch
I always believe in a few points
at the price they just want the production
which models in the series are so which way we currently have
Adi it looks like the build quality when we go somewhere
know that there are problems
and as such was to ask the question Hoberg always wants to know where we stand
that's one of the things
clear list Dr
because the running numbers ask questions indicates
that the fourth car altogether just built
Lamborghini produced around 2,400 of them last year
Large manufacturers produce this amount in a single day
but manual labor costs time
Only ten models leave the factory hall per day
Improvements are aptly made with the production manager
one speaks Italian
Of course I wave you that was born in Germany and in Italy
grew up
not that one
even though he has to make it clear to one third of the employees like most recently
she has to work short
this language barrier
he is not clear is not given
I know the mentality
but on the other side we are looking for our voters
Not after nearly being out on his skills would Americans be on
Board the Dutch at the word of course, German Italians above all things
Italians over 95 percent
our employees are the losers but this is about world-wide
You also have to be able to handle the boy's parents
not just to get along with suffrage
because Lamborghini is now a worldwide known brand
over a quarter of the production was old goes to the US
But this market is Winkelmann's problem
last
30% drop in sales and more
That's why the lamborghini chef is currently traveling around the world
Affects wealthy customers ever personally
Entrepreneurs professional athletes scowl
pbe
Currently, every single sold and Winkelmann sees itself as
A figurehead of his exclusive product
v
good luck
you have to feel good that must be visible
but also customers can be in the series of profits
We are working for this brand and that is actually a light full
occupied
That's why he wants to be more than ready with his Make the World
been
conviction work with the most important customers should be easy for him
Winkelmann bravely spent ten days in the USA